Add docs for cross-account bucket access (#2841)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/Admin.md

![](../imgs/admin-buckets-add.png)

### S3 events

By default, when you add a bucket to the Quilt stack one of two things will happen:

> 1. If there is no bucket notification in place, Quilt will attempt to add a new notification

Author: ```suggestion
1. If there is no existing notification, Quilt will attempt to add a new notification
```

> 1. If there is a bucket notification in place, Quilt will see if it provides sufficient notifications

Author: ```suggestion
1. If there is an existing bucket notification, Quilt will use the existing notification if and only if it supports the required events (object creation and deletion).
```
